---
layout: ../../../layouts/BlogLayout.astro
title: v1.6.x to v2.0
description: A guide on how to migrate your addon from v1.x.x to v2.0.
part: 1
section: Updates and Migrations
---

The change from v1.6.x to v2.0 is a major one, with inclusion of the new 'Discover' view and various other internal changes. This information page will walk you through the changes and how to migrate your addon to the new version.

## New Features

- A new `catalog` event has been added. This is used to serve listings to the new 'Discover' view.
- First class support for addon-based storefronts has been added. This means that users must install an addon that supports a storefront to be able to search for games, and so your addon can query. See 'Breaking Changes' to know how to migrate your addon to this new feature.
  - First class support for storefronts requires explicit support for a storefront in the addon. Change the new `storefronts` array in your configuration to include the storefronts you support.
- Support for addon icons, which are used to display the addon in various places in the app. If not provided, the addon will be given a generic image with just text. `addon.json` with the "icon" property.

## Breaking Changes

- A new array is required in the OGIAddonConfiguration object, which is the `storefronts` property. Only storefronts that the addon explicitly supports are given event updates to certain events (unless the `*` wildcard is used).
- The `game-details` event now is just the `appID` parameter.
- `addon.steamSearch` is no longer a function, it has been replaced with the new `addon.getAppDetails(appid, 'steam')` function. Keep in mind that this function requires the user to have installed a compatible 'Steam' storefront addon.
- `search` has been significantly simplified, being an appID and source parameter, and only requiring the `name`, `storefront`, `filename`, `downloadType`, and `downloadURL` parameters.
- Internally, when connecting to the OGI Addon Server, a list of supported events is sent. This is used to determine which events the addon supports. If this array is not sent, the addon will not be given any events and will be unavailable. Update to the latest version of ogi-addon to get this.
- `setup` has been significantly simplified, only requiring the `cwd`, `version`, `launchExecutable`, and `launchArguments` parameters.
- Storefronts are now a string, and can be more than just 'steam' and 'internal'.

There are most likely more changes that are not listed here. The TypeScript types have been updated to reflect the new changes, which will help you with the migration.
